reports/Project_Implementation_and_Documentation_File/User_Doc.md, before:

### User Documentation

#### High-level description

First the user must navigate to the site which will be publicly listed. When a user goes to the main page we will have a short description of the website, give users an option to log in, and a menu page. The user then can select a coding language and an algorithm that they wish to type and begin. This will record their time, accuracy, and calculate their typing speed. If the user is logged in their data will be saved and will be uploaded to a leaderboard. Users will want to use this website as it will improve their coding ability and provide a fun way to learn how to code. We will have 2 programming languages for a user to choose from and several algorithms for the user to choose from.

#### Reporting bugs
The website will have a report bug button on each screen for the user to use if they encounter a bug. When the user uses the report bug button, they will be directed to a page where they will have to report what screen they were on when they encountered the bug, what the bug is and what it is affecting. The user will be asked to type out a short description of the bug on the report bug page. And when the user submits the bug report, it will then be stored in our database so that a member of our team can check it out and resolve the issue at a later date.

#### Known bugs
Known bugs will be tracked in our database, whether via user report or by a team member, and the website will let the user know of these bugs if the known bug affects the usability of the website. Any bugs that are in the database will be addressed by a team member as quickly as possible especially if that bug affects the usability of the website. Trivial bugs will be dealt with in a quick manner as trivial bugs should be a quick fix.

Commit message:

Update User_Doc.md, Software installation to Software usage

reports/Project_Implementation_and_Documentation_File/User_Doc.md, after:

### User Documentation

#### High-level description

First the user must navigate to the site which will be publicly listed. When a user goes to the main page we will have a short description of the website, give users an option to log in, and a menu page. The user then can select a coding language and an algorithm that they wish to type and begin. This will record their time, accuracy, and calculate their typing speed. If the user is logged in their data will be saved and will be uploaded to a leaderboard. Users will want to use this website as it will improve their coding ability and provide a fun way to learn how to code. We will have 2 programming languages for a user to choose from and several algorithms for the user to choose from.

#### Installing the software
There are no things to download for this project since it is publicly hosted and available.

#### Running the software
The website is automatically running and requires a network connection, meaning that it cannot be locally hosted. An account can be made if the user would like to save their data and share their times to public leaderboards. Without an account, data will not be stored and their scores will not be processed. 

#### Using the software
Documentation on software usage is based on tooltips.
**A \[?] indicates input documentation.**
- These will appear nearby inputs such as the navigation bar, login screen, and the typing page.
- Hovering over the object will show a tooltip explaining a short description of what the input does.
- Clicking the object will show a modal explaining a longer description of the input.
**A (?) indicates a programming documentation.**
- These will appear at the end of a line of code in the programming input once the user successfully types a line of code and will go away if the line of code becomes incorrect.
- Hovering over the object will show what that line of code does.
The following is documentation for individualized pages:
- Programming Page
  - On the programming page, the user can select an algorithm and type. As the user types in the program, each character is highlighted either blue or orange.
    - Blue indicates that the character is a correct match.
    - Orange indicates that the character is an incorrect match and should be replaced.
  - Once each character is highlighted blue, the results are shown below the input.
    - Time taken, which subtracts the current time from the time at the first input.
    - Errors, which are counted by every orange highlight that appears in the input.
    - Speed, which takes the number of characters of the selected algorithm in proportion to the time taken to type in the input.
  
#### Reporting bugs
The website will have a report bug button on each screen for the user to use if they encounter a bug. When the user uses the report bug button, they will be directed to a page where they will have to report what screen they were on when they encountered the bug, what the bug is and what it is affecting. The user will be asked to type out a short description of the bug on the report bug page. And when the user submits the bug report, it will then be stored in our database so that a member of our team can check it out and resolve the issue at a later date.

#### Known bugs
Known bugs will be tracked in our database, whether via user report or by a team member, and the website will let the user know of these bugs if the known bug affects the usability of the website. Any bugs that are in the database will be addressed by a team member as quickly as possible especially if that bug affects the usability of the website. Trivial bugs will be dealt with in a quick manner as trivial bugs should be a quick fix.
